Which trader Tom strategy, the rule of
four, pass an institutional validation,
anchor the Tomahawk model into a trading
strategy, which after major US economic
releases, waits for four 10-minute bars,
and automatically places a buy stop
above the high and a sell stop below the
low of the fourth bar. As the price
breaks the collar, it opens either a
long or short position, trying to
capitalize as much as possible on either
the bullish or the bearish trend. And
these are the results trading one and
two contracts, a net profit of 26,000
over 5 years, and a praising equity
curve, yet with the presence of heavy
drawdowns, and a low average trade
profit of only $55, which after
commissions and slippage would result in
a loss. Running our shuffling Monte
Carlo, we can see that this strategy is
highly sequence dependent, and
bootstrapping 20,000 equity curves, we
get an expected value per trade of $47.
Now, the rule of four model wouldn't
pass an institutional validation, yet it
is an improvement from the previous two.